# International Development Ideathon 2022 Terms & Conditions

The Event is a community Ideathon run by PHAS3 LTD., a UK registered company (company number: 13912546) (referred to as “phas3” in this document) intended for collaboration and learning.

By registering, or submitting any work, code, software, or other item (a “Submission”) to The Event, you are confirming that you understand and accept all rules and conditions. If you are doing so on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, in which case “you” will mean the entity you represent.

# **Rules & Code of Conduct**

We value the participation of all. We want all attendees to have an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all attendees are expected to show respect and courtesy to other attendees throughout the Ideathon.

To make clear what is expected, all attendees and speakers at this Ideathon are required to conform to the following Code of Conduct. Organisers will enforce this code throughout the event.

If you feel uncomfortable or think there may be a potential violation of the code of conduct, please report it **immediately** to one of the event organisers by emailing sarah@phas3.io or alexandra@phas3.io. All reporters have the right to remain anonymous.

## Code of conduct

Harassment will not be tolerated. Harassment includes (but is not limited to) offensive comments or activity (online or otherwise) related to gender, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, age, socioeconomic status, ethnicity, physical appearance, race, religion, sexual images, deliberate intimidation, stalking, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.  

Be careful and mindful of the words that you choose. Attendees should not use sexualised images, content or language, or otherwise create a sexualised environment.

Ideathon participants, sponsors, judges, mentors, volunteers, and organisers are all subject to this code of conduct.

If anyone engages in behaviour that violates this code of conduct, the Ideathon organisers will take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or immediate expulsion from the event.

## Event Rules & Conditions

1. The following rules & conditions apply to each phas3 Ideathon (”The Event”).
2. If you are under the age of 18, you must obtain consent from your parent or guardian to participate in our events and your parent or guardian is required to agree to these conditions - an agreement signed by your parent or guardian must be submitted separately before attending The Event. You acknowledge that, even as a minor, you must read and understand the content of this Agreement, and that you have the capacity and intend to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
3. You must comply with all facility and equipment rules and requirements during your participation in The Event, including all safety instructions and requirements. You are not to take unreasonable risks while using facilities and equipment during The Event.
4. You assume full responsibility for any damage or injury caused by you in your participation in The Event (whether to persons or property, and whether to yourself or others) and release phas3, The Event, all sponsors and partners of The Event, The Event volunteers, The Event staff, guests of The Event and all other participants in The Event (collectively, the “Releasees”) from any liability therefore. **YOU ARE AWARE THAT YOUR PARTICIPATION IN The Event IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND THAT THE RELEASE HEREIN IS INTENDED TO REFLECT THAT UNDERSTANDING**.
5. All developments made by you during The Event must be open source and licensed under a permissive license such as MIT or Apache-2. You acknowledge that during the course of The Event, you may obtain access to products, developments, information and other materials belonging to other participants of The Event, the sponsors of The Event and/or other third parties (“Third Party Materials”), and that nothing in this Agreement is deemed to transfer any ownership, right, title or interest in such Third Party Materials to you. Your only rights to the Third Party Materials shall be those expressly granted to you by the owner(s) of the Third Party Materials. Specifically, any APIs or other software provided to you by sponsors of The Event are subject to the subscription terms and software licenses associated with such APIs or other software.
6. You acknowledge that The Event is intended to be an event where ideas are shared freely, and therefore acknowledge that any information that you share with other participants of The Event, the sponsors of The Event and/or other third parties during The Event is solely at your discretion and risk. If you wish to protect your information, it is solely your responsibility to implement confidentiality and security measures with respect to the persons to whom you are disclosing your information. None of the Releasees shall have any responsibility under this Agreement or by virtue of their participation in The Event with respect to your information.
7. You acknowledge that the organisers and sponsors of The Event may be recording sessions from The Event and therefore agree that:
    1. The Organisers (including phas3 and any Ideathon partners) have the unrestricted right to use your likeness, image, voice, opinions, and appearance, and also any images of your projects, developments, materials and belongings made at or brought to The Event, captured through video, photographs or other media during The Event for the express purpose of creating promotional material (the “Images”), for the purposes of use in websites, promotional materials, publications and other media of any of the Organisers, whether in print or electronically (the “Materials”). The foregoing right includes permission to copyright, use, re-use, publish, and republish Images in which you may be included, intact or in part, composite or distorted in character or form, without restriction as to changes or transformations, in conjunction with your own or a fictitious name, reproduction in colour or otherwise, made through any and all media now or hereafter known;
    2. The Organisers shall solely own the Materials in which you or your Images, in whole or in part, may appear, including copyright interests, and you have no ownership rights therein;
    3. You give all clearances, copyright and otherwise, for use of your Images, and waive any moral rights that you may have in the Materials in which you or your Images may appear. The rights granted to the Ideathon Organisers herein are perpetual and worldwide. For greater certainty, my Images may continue to be used after the completion of The Event;
    4. You relinquish any right that you may have to examine or approve the Materials in which you or your Images may appear or the use to which they may be applied; and
    5. You hereby release, discharge and agree to save harmless each and all of the Organisers from any liability by virtue of any blurring, distortion, alteration, optical illusion, or use in composite form of the Images whether intentional or otherwise, that may occur or be produced in the recording of the Images or in any subsequent processing thereof, as well as any publication thereof, including without limitation any claims for libel or invasion of privacy.
8. You agree that the Organisers may share your registration details (including LinkedIn, Twitter and Github profiles), details of your Ideathon entry, and other information obtained from you in the course of, or relating to, The Event with the sponsors of The Event, and acknowledge that such sponsors of The Event may contact you during and after The Event. By agreeing to this document and/or participating in The Event, you are providing your express consent to communications by the Organisers and sponsors (including e-mail communications, both marketing and informational) respecting the products and services of the Organisers and sponsors, and future events.

*For valuable consideration, including permission to take part in The Event, the undersigned on behalf of him/herself, his or her personal representatives, assigns, heirs and next of kin:*

1. hereby covenants not to sue, and releases, waives, and discharges the Releasees, their owners, officers, agents, affiliates, employees, volunteers, and/or any other person or entity in any way associated with The Event, from liability for any injury to the person or property or death of the undersigned arising out of or related to The Event, whether caused by an act of negligence of the Releasees or otherwise; and
2. hereby assumes full responsibility for any risk of bodily injury, death, property or equipment damage arising out of or related to their participation in The Event, whether occurring to the undersigned or to any other person or entity for whom the undersigned is responsible or with whom the undersigned is associated, and whether caused by an act of negligence of the Releasees or otherwise. The foregoing release includes, but is not limited to, any occurrences of personal injury, illness, and loss of belongings, whether by theft or otherwise. The undersigned further agrees that this instrument (the terms of which collectively are referred to as the Agreement) is intended to be as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of Hong Kong SAR and that if any portion thereof is held invalid, that portion shall be invalid only to the extent required by law, and the balance shall, notwithstanding, continue in full force and effect.

By registering, or submitting any work, code, software, or other item (a “Submission”) to The Event, you are confirming that you understand and accept all rules and conditions. If you are doing so on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, in which case “you” will mean the entity you represent.